hi Jennifer Donna viewers if you've ever
wanted to have a fantastic Spanish
vacation and experience the flavors
there today is the day to do it today
we'll be making a delicious Catalan
creme brulee here are the ingredients
you'll need just over 2 cups of milk 1/2
cup of sugar a small piece of cinnamon 2
and 1/2 tablespoons of cornstarch 4 egg
yolks sugar in the raw nutmeg and a
lemon good let's see how to make it
first reserve about 1/2 cup of milk and
then set it aside the rest put in a pot
and then add half of the sugar
the piece of cinnamon and the lemon zest
bring it to a simmer and then turn off
the heat now pour the sweetened milk
through a sieve directly into the yolk
mixture mix it all together and then put
it back on to a low heat just until it
thickens in a bowl add the four yolks
the remaining sugar and a mixture of the
remaining milk and the cornstarch which
you should blend in without remaining
lumps now whisk to form a smooth mixture
once the custard has thickened it's time
to divide it into oven-safe ramekins and
leave it to cool about 1/2 hour before
serving the dessert sprinkle the cane
sugar generously over the top of the
Custer
and then grate a bit of nutmeg over the
top and then place them in an oven
directly under the broiler for about
three to four minutes
our Catalan custard is finished instead
of using the oven you can also use a
kitchen blowtorch to caramelize the
sugar crust doing this in front of your
guests will certainly make an impression
from Sonia Angela de Ferran Oh see you
next time